Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Who am I? You sure you want to know? The story of my life is not for the faint of heart. If somebody said it was a happy little tale, if somebody told you I was just an average ordinary guy, not a care in the world, somebody lied. But let me assure you, this like any story worth telling, is all about a girl. That girl. The girl next door. Mary Jane Watson. The woman I've loved since before I even liked girls. I'd like to tell you that's me next to her. Aw, heck, I'd even take him.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Hey! Stop the bus! That's me. Tell him to stop! Please! Stop! Hey! Stop the bus!

Mary Jane Watson: Stop the bus! He's been chasing us since Woodhaven Boulevard.

Flash's Crony: Catch a cab, Parker!

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Thank you. I'm sorry I'm late.

Flash's Crony #2: What a geek!

Girl on Bus: Don't even think about it.

Flash's Crony: You're so lame, Parker.

Girl: Would you date him?

Teacher: Midtown High seniors. No wandering. Proceed direct... Knock it off. Remember, it is a privilege to be here. We're guests of Columbia University's Science Department. So behave accordingly. Let's not have a repeat of our trip to the planetarium. Come on people, stay together. Proceed up the steps and into the building.

Mary Jane's friend: MJ.

Mary Jane Watson: Where were you?

Mary Jane's friend: Checking out the library.

Mary Jane Watson: Looking at the books.

Mary Jane's friend: Yeah, right.

Harry Osborn: Charles, can we drive around the corner, please?

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: Why? The entrance is right there.

Harry Osborn: Dad these are public school kids, I'm not showing up for the field trip in a Rolls.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: You want me to trade in my care for a Jetta just because you flunked out of every private school I ever sent you to?

Harry Osborn: It wasn't for me.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: Of course it was. Don't ever be ashamed of who you are.

Harry Osborn: I'm not ashamed of who I am. It's just...

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: Just what, Harry?

Harry Osborn: Forget it.

Harry Osborn: Pete!

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Hi, Harry.

Harry Osborn: Hey, man. What's up?

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: Harry! Won't you be needing this?

Harry Osborn: Thanks Dad.

Harry Osborn: Um, Peter may I introduce my father, Norman Osborn.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: I've heard so much about you.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: It's a great honour to meet you sir.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: Harry tells me you're quite the science whiz. Y'know, I'm something of a scientist myself.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: I read all your research on nanotechnology. Really Brilliant.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: You understood it?

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Yes, I wrote a paper on it.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: Impressive. Your parents must be very proud.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: I live with my aunt and uncle, they are proud.

Teacher: Hey, you two! Let's move!

Nice to meet you. - Hope to see you again.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: He doesn't seem so bad.

Harry Osborn: Not if you're a genius. I think he wants to adopt you.

Guide: There are over 32,000 known species of spider in the world. They're in the order Araneae, divided into three suborders.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: That's amazing! This is the most advanced electron microscope in the eastern seaboard. It's unreal.

Guide: Arachnids from all three groups possess varying strengths which help them in their constant search for food. For example, the Delena spider, family Sparassidae has the ability to jump to catch its prey.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: For the school paper?

Guide: Next, we have the net web spider, family Filistatidae genus Kukulcania. It spins an intricate funnel shaped web whose strands have a tensile strength proportionately equal to the type of high tension wire.

Harry Osborn: Leave him alone.

Flash's Crony: Or what?

Flash Thompson: Or his father will fire your father.

Flash Thompson: What's Daddy gonna do? Sue me?

Teacher: What is going on? The next person who talks will fail this course. I kid you not.

Guide: This grass spider...

Teacher: Let's go.

Guide: ...hunts using reflexes with nerve-conduction velocity so fast that some researchers believe it almost borders on precognition.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Those guys are jerks.

Guide: ...an imminent awareness of danger a spider-sense.

Harry Osborn: Hey, look at that spider.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Some spiders change colors to blend into their environment. It's a defense mechanism.

Harry Osborn: Peter, what makes you think I'd want to know that?

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Who wouldn't?

Guide: Over five painstaking years, Columbia's genetic research facility has...

Harry Osborn: You gonna talk to her now?

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Oh, no. Come on. You talk to her.

Guide: With these DNA blueprints, we have begun what was once thought impossible.

Mary Jane Watson: Disgusting.

Harry Osborn: Yeah, hateful little things.

Mary Jane Watson: I love them!

Harry Osborn: Yeah, me too.

Harry Osborn: You know, spiders can change their color to blend into their environment.

Mary Jane Watson: Really?

Harry Osborn: Yeah, it's a defense mechanism.

Mary Jane Watson: Cool.

Guide: ...transfer RNA to encode an entirely new genome combining the genetic information from all three into these 15 genetically designed super-spiders.

Mary Jane Watson: There's 14.

Guide: I beg your pardon? One's missing.

Harry Osborn: Yeah.

Guide: I guess the researchers are working on that one.

Harry Osborn: Do you know that this is the largest electron microscope on the eastern seaboard?

Teacher: You were talking throughout that woman's entire presentation. Let's talk about how we listen. I don't know what it's like at those fancy private schools, but at Midtown High...

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Hey, Could I take your picture? I need one with a student in it.

Mary Jane Watson: Sure, yeah.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Great.

Mary Jane Watson: Where do you want me? Over here?

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Yeah, that's great.

Mary Jane Watson: Don't make me look ugly.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: That's impossible.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Perfect. - Is that good? - Great. That's great. MJ, let's go!

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Wait. Thanks!

Teacher: Parker, let's do it.

Mendel Stromm: We've solved the horizon glide and the multi-G balance issues.

General Slocum: I've already seen the glider. That's not what I'm here for.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: General Slocum, good to see you again. Mr. Balkan, Mr. Fargas.

Maximilian Fargas: Norman.

Henry Balkan: Mr. Osborn.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: Always a pleasure to have our board of directors pay us a little visit.

General Slocum: I want to see the progress report on Human performance enhancers.

Mendel Stromm: We tried vapour inhalation with rodent subjects. They showed an 800 percent increase in strength.

General Slocum: Any side effects?

Mendel Stromm: In one trial yes.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: It was an aberration. All the tests since have been successful.

General Slocum: In the trial that went wrong, what happen? What were the side effects?

Mendel Stromm: Violence, aggression and insanity.

General Slocum: What do you recommend?

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: That was only one test. With the exception of Dr. Stromm our entire staff certifies the product ready for human testing.

General Slocum: Dr. Stromm?

Mendel Stromm: We need to take the whole line back to formula.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: Back to formula?

General Slocum: Dr. Osborn. I'm going to be frank with you. I never supported your program. We have my predecessor to thank for that.

Henry Balkan: Norman, the General gave the go-ahead to Quest Aerospace to build a prototype of their exoskeleton design. They test in two weeks.

General Slocum: And if your so-called performance enhancers have not had a successful human trial by that date I'm gonna pull your funding. I'm going to give it to them. Gentlemen. Ladies.

Ben Parker: And the Lord said, "Let there be light." And voile! There is light. Forty soft, glowing watts of it.

May Parker: Good boy. God will be thrilled. Just don't fall on your ass.

Ben Parker: I'm already on my ass, May. When the plant's senior electrician is laid off after 35 years what would you call it? I am on my ass. Hand me that dish. The green one. The corporation is downsizing the people and upsizing their profits.

May Parker: Oh, Ben, you'll get another job somewhere.

Ben Parker: Well, let's look in the paper and see. There are the want ads. What do we got here? Computer... Computer salesman, computer engineer, computer analyst. My Lord, even the computers need analysts these days. I'm 68. I'm too old for computers, and besides, I have a family to provide for.

May Parker: I love you. And Peter loves you. You're the most responsible man I've ever known. We've been down-and-out before. But somehow, we survive. Hi, sweetie. You're just... Just in time for dinner. How you doing? How was the field trip?

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: I don't feel well. I'm gonna go to sleep.

Mary Parker: You won't have a bite?

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: No thanks, had a bite.

Ben Parker: Did you get some pictures, Peter?

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: I gotta crash. Everything's fine.

What's that all about?

Guide: In this recombination lab we use synthesized transfer RNA to encode an entirely new genome combining the genetic information from all three into these 15 genetically designed super-spiders.

Mendel Stromm: Dr. Osborn, please. The performance enhancers aren't ready. The data just doesn't justify this test. Now, I'm asking you for the last time. We can't do this.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: Don't be a coward. Risks are part of laboratory science. Let me reschedule, with the proper medical staff and a volunteer.

Mendel Stromm: If you just give me two weeks...

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: Two weeks? In two weeks We'll have lost the contract to Quest and Oscorp will be dead.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: Sometimes you gotta do things yourself. Get me the Promachloraperazine.

Mendel Stromm: For what?

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: It begins catalyzation when the vapor hits the bloodstream and we've barely tapped the vastness of human potential.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: Oh, that's cold.

Mendel Stromm: Norman? Norman! Oh, my God. Oh, my God! Oh, my God! Norman!

Norman Osborn/Geen Goblin: Back to formula?

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Weird.

May Parker: Peter?

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Yeah?

May Parker: Are you all right?

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: I'm fine.

May Parker: Any better this morning? Any change?

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Change? Yep. Big change.

May Parker: Well, hurry up. You're going to be late.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Right. Okay.

May Parker: Goodness me!

Ben Parker: Jeez. I thought you were sick.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: I got better. - See? - Bye, guys.

May Parker: You haven't eaten anything, have you got your lunch money?

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Yeah I've got it.

Ben Parker: Hey Michaelangelo don't forget we're painting the kitchen right after school. Got it?

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Sure, Uncle Ben. Don't start without me.

Ben Parker: And don't start up with me.

Ben Parker: Teenagers. Raging hormones. They never change.

Philip Watson: You're trash! You're always going to be trash just like her.

Mary Jane Watson: I have to go to school.

Philip Watson: Who's stopping you?

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Hi, MJ. Hey, MJ I don't know if you realize this, but we've been neighbors since I was 6. And I was wondering if we could get together sometime? I got the car. Hop in. Do something fun? Or, I don't know. I thought it'd be time to get to know each other. Or not.

Student: Sorry, Parker, the bus is full!

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Stop the bus!

Flash's Crony: Catch a cab!

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Tell him to stop.

Girl: Check him out! Dork!

Harry Osborn: Dad! Dad, are you all right?

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: Harry.

Harry Osborn: What are you doing on the floor?

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: I don't know.

Harry Osborn: Have you been there all night?

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: Last night I was...

Harry Osborn: What?

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: I don't remember.

Simkins: Mr. Osborn?

Bernard Houseman: Sir, I asked her to wait in the foyer.

Harry Osborn: My father's not feeling well...

Simkins: Mr. Osborn, Dr. Stromm is dead.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: What?

Simkins: They found his body this morning in the lab. He's been murdered, sir.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: What are you talking about?

Simkins: And the flight suit and the glider...

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: What about it?

Simkins: It's been stolen, sir.

Mary Jane Watson: Wow! Great reflexes! Thanks.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: No problem.

Mary Jane Watson: Hey, you have blue eyes. I didn't notice without your glasses. You just get contacts?

Mary Jane Watson: Well, see you. - What happened? - He's freaking weird. Did you see that?

Flash Thompson: Parker?

It's a fight!

Flash Thompson: Think you're pretty funny don't you, freak?

Mary Jane Watson: Flash it was just an accident.

Flash Thompson: My fist breaking your teeth is the accident.

Mary Jane Watson: C'mon Flash, stop.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: I don't want to fight you Flash.

Flash Thompson: I wouldn't want to fight me neither.

People: Kick his ass.

Mary Jane Watson: Help him, Harry.

People: How'd he do that?

Harry Osborn: Which one?

Student: He's all yours, man.

Girl: Flash, get up!

Student: Jesus, Parker, you are a freak.

Harry Osborn: Peter, that was... That was amazing.

Girl: I'm out of here. Come on.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Go, web! Fly. Up, up and away, web. Shazam! Go! Go! Go, web, go!

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Tallyho.

Is she back with the beer yet?

What?

Bring me some beer.

Get up off your ass.

I paid for beer.

Stop yelling. Stop it!

You're as stupid as your mother. Where's she going? Where you going?

The dishes aren't done. Somebody's gotta do dishes.

Why don't you do them?

Get in here and do the dishes. You do them. They're yours, anyway.

I'm going out!

Mary Jane Watson: Were you listening to that?

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: No. Well, I heard, but I was just taking out the trash.

Mary Jane Watson: I guess you can always hear us.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Everybody shouts.

Mary Jane Watson: Your aunt and uncle don't.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Oh, they can scream pretty good sometimes. Listen, MJ, about today at school with Flash...

Mary Jane Watson: You really freaked us out.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: I'm sorry. Is he okay?

Mary Jane Watson: He's just happy you didn't give him a black eye for graduation. So where are you going after you graduate?

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: I wanna move into the city. And hopefully, get a job as a photographer. Work my way through college. What about you?

Mary Jane Watson: Headed for the city too. Can't wait to get out of here. I wanna...

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: What? No, come on. Try me.

Mary Jane Watson: I wanna act on-stage.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Really? Oh, that's perfect. You were awesome in all the school plays.

Mary Jane Watson: Really?

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Yeah. I cried like a baby when you played Cinderella.

Mary Jane Watson: Peter, that was first grade.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Well even so. Sometimes you know people. You can just see what's coming.

Mary Jane Watson: What do you see coming for you?

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: I don't know. Whatever it is, it's something I never felt before.

Mary Jane Watson: And what for me?

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: For you? You're gonna light up Broadway.

Mary Jane Watson: You know you're taller than you look.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: I hunch.

Mary Jane Watson: Don't.

Flash Thompson: Hey, MJ! Come take a ride in my new birthday present. Come on.

Mary Jane Watson: I gotta go.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Bye.

Mary Jane Watson: Oh, my God, it's gorgeous!

Flash Thompson: Yeah, right. Look at it! Hop in.

Mary Jane Watson: Oh, my God. What a cool car!

Flash Thompson: Pretty tight, huh? Wait till you hear the sound system. Hey, don't scratch the leather.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Cool car.

May Parker: What's going on in there?

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: I'm exercising. I'm not dressed, Aunt May.

May Parker: Well, you're acting so strangely, Peter.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Okay. Thanks.

Ben Parker: Something's bothering him. Maybe he's too embarrased to tell me what it is. Maybe I'm too embarrassed to ask him. I don't know, I just don't know anymore.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: I'm going to the downtown library, I'll see you later.

Ben Parker: Wait. I'll drive you there, buddy.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: I'll take the train.

Ben Parker: No, I need the exercise. Go on. Go, go, go.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Thanks for the ride, Uncle Ben.

Ben Parker: Now wait a minute, we need to talk.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: We can talk later.

Ben Parker: Well, we can talk now. If you let me.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: What do we have to talk about? Why now?

Ben Parker: Because we haven't talked at all for so long, your Aunt May and I don't even know who you are any more. You shirk your chores. You have all those weird experiments in your room. You start fights at school.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: I didn't start that fight, I told you that.

Ben Parker: Well you sure as hell finished it.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: What was I supposed to do, run away?

Ben Parker: No, you're not supposed to run away, but... But, Pete look, you're changing. I know, I went through exactly the same thing at your age.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: No. Not exactly.

Ben Parker: Peter... these are the years when a man changes into the man he's gonna become the rest of his life. Just be careful who you change into. This guy, Flash Thompson, he probably deserved what happened. But just because you can beat him up doesn't give you the right to. Remember, with great power comes great responsibility.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Are you afraid that I'm going to turn into some kind of criminal? Quit worrying about me, okay? Something's different. I'll figure it out. Stop lecturing, please.

Ben Parker: I don't mean to lecture and I don't mean to preach. And I know I'm not your father...

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Then stop pretending to be!

Ben Parker: Right. I'll pick you up here at 10.

Public: Bone Saw! Bone Saw! Bone Saw! Bone Saw! Bone Saw! Bone Saw! Bone Saw! Bone Saw! Bone Saw! Bone Saw! Bone Saw! Bone Saw!

Man: One, two, three. That's it!

Ring Announcer: Who's the man? Ladies and gentlemen give it up for Bone Saw McGraw. For $3000 is there no one here man enough to stay in the ring for three minutes with this titan of testosterone? Who? I know who. The Flying Dutchman.

Check-In Girl: Next. There's no featherweight division here smallfry. Next. No, no. Sign me up. Okay. You understand the NYWL is not responsible for any injury you may and probably will sustain while participating in said event and you are indeed participating of your own free will?

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Yes.

Check-In Girl: Down the hall to the ramp. May God be with you. Next.

Told you! Told you!

Wrestling Arena Guard: Winner!

Bone Saw McGraw: Next victim!

Ring Announcer: Are you ready for more?

Bone Saw McGraw: Bone Saw is ready!

Ring Announcer: Will the next victim please enter the arena at this time? If he can withstand just three minutes in the cage with Bone Saw McGraw the sum of $3000 will be paid to...

Ring Announcer: What's your name, kid?

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: The Human Spider.

Ring Announcer: The Human Spider? That's it. That's the best you got?

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Yeah.

Ring Announcer: Oh, that sucks.

Ring Announcer: The sum of $3000 will be paid to the terrifying, the deadly the amazing Spider-Man!

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: My Name's the Human Spider.

I don't care, get out there.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: No, he got my name wrong.

Get out there, moron.

Bone Saw will eat you up and spit you out, little man.

I hope you brought your mommy. We'll break you! You'll need someone to cry to. I'm gonna rip all eight of your feeble legs off one by one. Oh, my God! Oh, my legs! Oh, God. I can't feel my legs.

Public: Kill! Kill! Kill! Cage! Cage! Cage!Cage!

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Hello? Guys?

Ring Announcer: Will the guards please lock the cage doors at this time?

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Hey listen! This is some kind of mistake. I didn't sign up for a cage match! Unlock the thing! Take the chain off!

Bone Saw McGraw: Hey, freak show! You're going nowhere. I got you for three minutes. Three minutes of playtime.

Bone Saw McGraw: What are you doing up there?

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Staying away from you. That's a cute outfit. Did your husband give it to you? Finish him off! Smash him! Hit him! - Harder! Kick his spider ass! Hit him!

Wrestling Arena Guard: One, two, three! That's it! That's it! Winner!

Ring Announcer: Ladies and gentlemen, give it up for the new champion, Spider-Man!

Public: Spider-Man! Spider-Man! Spider-Man!

Wrestling Promoter: Now get out of here.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: A hundred bucks? The ad said 3000.

Wrestling Promoter: Well, check it again, webhead. It said three grand for three minutes. You pinned him in two. For that, I give you 100. You're lucky to get that.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: I need that money.

Wrestling Promoter: I missed the part where that's my problem.

Wrestling Promoter: Hey, what the hell?

Dennis Carradine: Put the money in the bag.

Dennis Carradine: Hurry up!

Wrestling Promoter: Hey! He stole the gate!

Policeman #1: Stop that guy!

Wrestling Promoter: Stop him! He's got my money!

Dennis Carradine: Thanks.

Policeman #1: What the hell's the matter with you?

Policeman #2: Let him go! Cut him off in the lobby and call the cops!

Wrestling Promoter: You could've taken that guy apart. Now he's going to get away with my money.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: I missed the part where that's my problem.

- You gotta get back. - I can't see. What happened? Old dude, man. Come on, folks. Keep moving, please. Keep moving. Let's go! - What happened? - Someone got hurt.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Excuse me. Excuse me. Excuse me.

Policewoman: Stay back. Stay back!

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: That's my uncle! What happened?

Policewoman: Carjacker. He's been shot. We just called the paramedics. They're on their way.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Uncle Ben? Uncle Ben. Uncle Ben?

Ben Parker: Peter.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: I'm here, Uncle Ben.

Ben Parker: Peter.

Policeman: They got the shooter. He's headed south on Fifth. We got three cars in pursuit. All right, folks. Come on, move back.

Policeman: Get a unit to the rear!

Policeman: I got the back!

Dennis Carradine: Who's there?

Dennis Carradine: Don't hurt me. Just give me a chance. Just give me a chance!

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: What about my uncle? Did you give him a chance? Did you? Answer me!

Policeman #1: Stop that guy!

Dennis Carradine: Thanks.

Dennis Carradine: See you.

Police: Freeze! We've got the place completely surrounded.

May Parker: Oh, no. My God. Oh, no. Oh, my God. No!

General Slocum: Good evening.

Project Coordinator: General. Good to see you. Our exoskeleton's got real firepower, general.

General Slocum: Well, if it does what you say it can, I'll sign that contract tomorrow.

Men: He's clear! Let's go!

General Slocum: I assume you're confident about this test.

Project Coordinator: Absolutely, Captain Curtis is our top pilot. Now, what about your commitment to Oscorp?

General Slocum: Nothing would please me more than to put Norman Osborn out of business.

Captain Curtis: Preflight complete. Mark.

Man #2: We are picking up an unidentified object closing fast.

Captain Curtis: What the hell is that?

Man #2: Can you see anything?

Captain Curtis: Oh, my God!

Guy: Say "chess".

Guys: Chess!

Mary Parker: Peter! Darling, I'm so proud of you. You looked so handsome up there.

Harry Osborn: Pete. Good news. My Father got the place in New York so we're all set this Friday.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Oh that's great!

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: You made it. It's not the first time I've been proven wrong. Congratulations.

Harry Osborn: Thanks, Dad.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: Peter, the science award. That's terrific.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Yeah.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: I know this has been a difficult time for you, but I want you to try to enjoy this day. Commencement: The end of one thing, the start of something new.

Mary Jane Watson: I don't want to be with you anymore. Here's your ring.

Flash Thompson: You know what? Whatever. Your loss.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: You're like a brother to Harry. That makes you family. And if you ever need anything, just give me a call.

May Parker: Can I fix you something?

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: No, thanks.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: I missed him a lot today.

May Parker: I know. I miss him too. But he was there.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: I can't help thinking about the last thing I said to him. He tried to tell me something important, and I threw it in his face.

May Parker: You loved him and he loved you. He never doubted the man you'd grow into. How you were meant for great things. You won't disappoint him.

Ben Parker: With great power comes great responsibility. Remember that, Pete. Remember that.

Hurry up! This is not a man. My brother saw him building a nest in the Lincoln Center fountain. They think he's human. They think he's a man. Could be a woman. Bobby. Get a load of this! He throws up his hands, ropes come out, and he climbs up the ropes like a spider web. I see the web and it's a signature, and I know Spider-Man was here. The guy protects us, you know protects the people. Some kind of freakyloo or something. Wakadoo. He stinks and I don't like him. Don't move, lady! Guy with eight hands. Sounds hot. Those tights and that tight little... Dresses like a spider He looks like a bug But we should all just give him One big hug Look out Here comes the Spider-Man

J. Jonah Jameson: "Who is Spider-Man?" He's a criminal, that's who he is. A vigilante, a public menace. Why's he on my front page?

Betty Brant: Mr. Jameson your wife is on line one she needs to know if...

Ted Hoffman: Mr. Jameson there's a page six problem.

J. Jonah Jameson: We have a page one problem, shut up. Well?

Robbie Robertson: He's news.

Ted Hoffman: These are really important clients they can't wait.

J. Jonah Jameson: They're about to.

Robbie Robertson: He pulled six people off that subway car.

J. Jonah Jameson: Sure from a wreck he probably caused. Something goes wrong and this creepy-crawler is there. Look at that, he's fleeing the scene. What's that tell you?

Robbie Robertson: He's not fleeing, he's probably going to save somebody else. He's a hero!

J. Jonah Jameson: Then why's he wear a mask, hmm? What's he got to hide?

Betty Brant: She needs to know if you want chintz or chenille in the dining room.

J. Jonah Jameson: Whichever's cheaper.

Ted Hoffman: Mr. Jameson it's like this, We double-booked page six. See so both Macy's and Conway's have three-quarters of the same page.

Robbie Robertson: We sold out four printings.

J. Jonah Jameson: Sold out?

Robbie Robertson: Every copy.

J. Jonah Jameson: Tomorrow morning. Spider-Man. Page one with a decent picture this time. Move Conway to page seven.

Ted Hoffman: That's a problem.

J. Jonah Jameson: Make it page eight and give 'em 10 percent off. No make it 5 percent.

Ted Hoffman: That can't be done.

J. Jonah Jameson: Get outta here!

Robbie Robertson: Problem is we don't have a decent picture. Eddie's been on it for weeks, we can barely get a glimpse of him.

J. Jonah Jameson: Aw, what is he, shy? We can get a picture of Julia Roberts in a thong we can certainly get a picture of this weirdo. Put an ad on the front page. "Cash money for a picture of Spider-Man" He doesn't want to be famous? I'll make him infamous!

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Hey!

Mary Jane Watson: Buzz off.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: MJ, it's me, Peter.

Mary Jane Watson: Hi! What are you doing around here?

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: I'm begging for a job. How about you?

Mary Jane Watson: I'm headed to an audition.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: An audition? So you're acting now?

Mary Jane Watson: Yeah. I work steady. In fact, I just got off a job.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: That's great MJ. You're doing it. Living your dream.

Enrique: Hey glamour girl! Your drawer was short six dollars! Next time that happens, I'm gonna take it outta your cheque! Excuse me, Miss Watson? I'm talking to you! Hey!

Mary Jane Watson: Yes, Enrique! Okay? I get you.

Enrique: It better not happen no more, hear me? Don't roll your eyes at me.

Mary Jane Watson: Some dream, huh?

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: It's nothing to be embarrassed about.

Mary Jane Watson: Don't tell Harry.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Don't tell Harry?

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Don't you guys live together?

We're going out. Didn't he tell you?

Mary Jane Watson: Oh, yeah. Right. I think he'd hate the idea of my waiting tables. - He'd think it was low or something. - It's not low. You have a job. You know, Harry doesn't live on a little place I like to call Earth. No, I guess not. Thanks, Pete. We should catch up sometime. Let's get some lunch some evening. I'll come by and have some of your Moondance coffee some day.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: And I won't tell Harry.

Mary Jane Watson: No, don't tell Harry.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: I won't. I won't tell Harry.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: Timing's perfect. Hey. Five new contracts. It'll be great.

Harry Osborn: Stormin' Norman's making his weekly inspection. Spent half of it on the phone.

Harry Osborn: Look, man, I'm glad you're here. I need your help. I'm really lost here.

Harry Osborn: Are you all right? You look like you just got second place in the science fair.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: I was late for work and Dr. Connors fired me.

Harry Osborn: You were late again? I don't get it. Where do you go all the time?

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Around.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: Peter Parker. Maybe you'll tell me who she is. Who's that? This mystery girl Harry's been dating.

Harry Osborn: Dad.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin:When do I get to meet her?

Harry Osborn: Dad!

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Well, sorry. Harry hasn't mentioned her.

Harry Osborn: Pete, you're probably looking for a job now, right? Dad, maybe you can help him out. - I appreciate it, but I'll be fine. - It's no problem. I'll make a few calls. I couldn't accept it. I'd like to earn what I get. I can find my own work. I respect that. You want to make it on your own steam. That's great. What other skills do you have Parker? I was thinking of something in photography. Hello. Let's go! Move it! Watch the street! Cheese! They're crap. Crap, crap. Megacrap. - I'll give you $200. - That seems a little low. Take them somewhere else then. - Sir your wife said that tile you want in the foyer is out of stock. - Tell her we'll just put a rug there. Sit down. Give me that. I'll give you 300. That's a standard freelance fee. - Tear up page one. Run that photo instead. - Headline? "Spider-Man, Hero or Menace? Exclusive Daily Bugle Photos."

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Menace? He was protecting that...

J. Jonah Jameson: Tell you what, Atticus you take the pictures I'll make up the headlines, ok? all right? That ok with you.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Yes, sir.

J. Jonah Jameson: Goody. Give this to the girl up front. She'll see you get paid.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: I'd like a job, sir.

J. Jonah Jameson: No jobs. Freelance. Best thing in the world for a kid your age. Bring me some more shots of that newspaper selling clown, maybe I'll take 'em off your hands. But I never said you have a job. Meat. I'll send you a box of Christmas meat. Best I can do. Get outta here. Bring me more photos.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man:Hi.

Betty Brant: Hi.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Mr. Jameson told me to give that to you.

Betty Brant: Welcome to the Daily Bugle.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Thank you. I'm Peter Parker. I'm a photographer.

Betty Brant: Yes. I can see that.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: As of today Oscorp Industries has surpassed Quest Aerospace as the principal supplier to the United States military. In short, ladies and gentlemen of the board, costs are down, revenues are up and our stock has never been higher.

Henry Balkan: Wonderful news, Norman. Wonderful. In fact, it's the reason for selling the company.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: What?

Henry Balkan: Yes, Quest Aerospace is recapitalizing in the wake of the bombing. Expanding. They made a tender offer we can't ignore.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: Why wasn't I told?

Maximilian Fargas: The last thing they want is a power struggle with entrenched management. The deal is off if you come with it. The board expects your resignation in 30 days.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: You can't do this to me. I started this company. You know how much I sacrificed?!

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: Oh, Max. Please.

Maximilian Fargas: Norman, the board is unanimous. We're announcing the sale after the World Unity Festival. I'm sorry.

Henry Balkan: You're out, Norman.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: Am I?

Announcer: Welcome to Oscorp Industries Unity Day Festival. Welcome to Oscorp Industries Unity Day Festival. Let's hear it for Macy Gray.

Harry Osborn: MJ, why didn't you wear the black dress? Just, I wanted to impress my father. He loves black.

Mary Jane Watson: Well, maybe he'll be impressed no matter what. You think I'm pretty.

Harry Osborn: I think you're beautiful.

Harry Osborn: MJ would you do me a favour? I forgot my drink inside.

Harry Osborn: Oh, hi, Mr. Fargas.

Maximilian Fargas: Oh, Harry.

Harry Osborn: Have you seen my father around?

Maximilian Fargas: Well, I'm not sure if he's coming today.

Henry Balkan: What is that?

Maximilian Fargas: Must be new this year.

Girl: What is that?

Henry Balkan: That's our glider!

Harry Osborn: What the hell was that?

Cop #1: Code three! Code three!

Mary Jane Watson: Oh, my God! Harry!

Harry Osborn: MJ!

Mary Jane Watson: Harry! Help me! Harry!

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: Out, am I?

Harry Osborn: Mary Jane!

Mary Jane Watson: Harry!

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: Hello, my dear.

Woman: It's Spider-Man!

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Come on. Move, kid.

Billy's Mom: Billy! Somebody help him!

Billy's Mom: No!

Billy: Mommy!

Cop #2: Hold it right there!

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: I surrender.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Oh, boy.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: Impressive.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Mary Jane!

Mary Jane Watson: Help! Someone please help me!

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Hold on!

Mary Jane Watson: Watch out!

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: We'll meet again, Spider-Man!

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Hold on Mary Jane! [pause] Well, beats taking the subway. Don't mind us. She just needs to use the elevator.

Mary Jane Watson: Wait. Who are you?

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: You know who I am.

Mary Jane Watson: I do?

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Your friendly neighborhood Spider-Man.

Harry Osborn: Incredible? What do you mean he's incredible?

Harry Osborn: No. All right, wait. Stay there. I'm going to come over. No, I'm gonna come... All right. Fine. Will you call me in the morning? And we'll go and have breakfast and I want to buy you something.

Harry Osborn: Because I want to. It'll make you feel better. Okay. And what do you mean, incredible? All right. I'm sorry. Sleep tight. Don't let the bedbugs...

Harry Osborn: She's all right. She's just a little rattled.

Harry Osborn: Look, Pete, I should have told you about us. But you should know I'm crazy about her. It's just, you know, you never made a move.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: You're right. I didn't.

Harry Osborn: I'm gonna get some rest.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: I'm gonna stay up for a while.

Harry Osborn: What was that thing?

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: I don't know. Whatever it is, somebody has to stop it.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: Somebody there?

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: Somebody.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: Who said that?

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: Don't play the innocent with me.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: You've known all along.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: Where are you?

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: Follow the cold shiver running down your spine.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: I'm right here.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: I don't understand.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: Did you think it was coincidence? So many good things, all happening for you.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: All for you. Norman.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: What do you want?

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: To say what you won't. To do what you can't. To remove those in your way.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: The board members. You killed them.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: We killed them. We? Remember? Your little accident in the laboratory.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: The performance enhancers.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: Bingo. Me! Your greatest creation. Bringing you what you've always wanted: Power beyond your wildest dreams. And it's only the beginning. There's only one who can stop us. Or imagine if he joined us.

J. Jonah Jameson: Spider-Man. And the Green Goblin. The Green Goblin. You like that? Made it up myself. These weirdo's all gotta have a name now.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Mr. Jameson Spider-Man...

J. Jonah Jameson: Hoffman!

Ted Hoffman: Yeah?

J. Jonah Jameson: Call the patent office, copyright the name Green Goblin, I want a quarter every time somebody says it.

Ted Hoffman: How about "Green Meanie"?

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Spider-Man wasn't attacking the city he was trying to save it. That's slander.

J. Jonah Jameson: It is not. I resent that. Slander is spoken. In print, it's libel.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: You don't trust anybody, that's your problem.

J. Jonah Jameson: I trust my barber. What are you his lawyer? Get out of here! Let him sue. Get rich like a normal person. That's what made this country.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: Jameson, you slime. Who's the photographer who takes the pictures of Spider-Man?

J. Jonah Jameson: I don't know who he is. His stuff comes in the mail.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: Liar!

J. Jonah Jameson: I swear. He's the one who can bring me to him. I don't know who he is.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: You are useless.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Set him down, tough guy.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: Speak of the devil.

J. Jonah Jameson: Spider-Man! I knew you two were in this together.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Hey, kiddo, let Mom and Dad talk for a minute, will you?.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: Sleep

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: Wake up, little spider. Wake up. No, you're not dead yet. Just paralyzed, temporarily.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: You're an amazing creature, Spider-Man. You and I are not so different.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: I'm not like you. You're a murderer.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: Well, to each his own. I chose my path, you chose the way of the hero. And they found you amusing for a while, the people of this city. But the one thing they love more than a hero is to see a hero fail, fall, die trying. In spite of everything you've done for them, eventually, they will hate you. Why bother?

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Because it's right.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: Here's the real truth. There are eight million people in this city. And those teeming masses exist for the sole purpose of lifting the few exceptional people onto their shoulders. You, me we're exceptional. I could squash you like a bug right now. But I'm offering you a choice. Join me. Imagine what we could accomplish together. What we could create. Or we could destroy. Cause the deaths of countless innocents in selfish battle again and again and again until we're both dead. Is that what you want? Think about it, hero.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: In spite of everything you've done for them, eventually, they will hate you.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: It's me again. How was your audition?

Mary Jane Watson: How'd you know?

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: The hot line. Your mom told my aunt, told me. So you just came by? I was in the neighborhood. Needed to see a friendly face. I took two buses and a cab to get in the neighborhood, but... So how'd it go? They said I needed acting lessons. A soap opera told me I needed acting lessons. Let me buy you a cheeseburger. The sky's the limit, up to $7.84. I'd like a cheeseburger. Oh, but I'm going out to dinner with Harry. Come with us. No, thanks. How's it going with...? Never mind. That's none of my business. It's not? Why so interested? I'm not. You're not? - Well, why would I be? - I don't know. Why would you be? I, that's a... I don't know. Sorry you won't come with us. I'd better run, tiger. Hey, check it out, man. Come on, man. Hey, where you going, baby? Come on! Get off me! Wait! You have a knack for getting in trouble. You have a knack for saving my life. I think I have a superhero stalker. I was in the neighborhood. You are amazing. Some people don't think so. - But you are. - Nice to have a fan. Do I get to say thank you this time? Wait. I have to get in there! My baby's in there! My baby's in there! - Let me go! - I can't let you in there, the roof's about to collapse. - Somebody save my baby! - The roof's about to collapse! Look! Up there! Save my baby, please! No! - It's okay. Your baby's fine. - Oh, my baby! God bless you, Spider-Man. Bless you. Don't let him get away! Hold it right there! You're under arrest. I'm taking you in. Oh, my God, there's somebody still up there! I'm going. - I'll be here when you get back. - Not coming back chief. Go! Go! Where are you? Where are you? I'm gonna get you out of here! It's okay. You're pathetically predictable. Like a moth to the flame. What about my generous proposal?

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: What about my generous proposal? Are you in or are you out?

Peter Prker/Spider-Man: It's you who's out Gobbie. Out of your mind.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: Wrong answer. Oh, great. No one says no to me! - MJ, will you stop goofing around? - Harry, relax. He's here. Are you ready? Aunt May. I'm sorry I'm late. Work was murder. I picked up a fruitcake. Thank you, Mr. Osborn. We're so glad you could come. Who is this lovely young lady? I'd like you to meet my father Norman Osborn. Dad, this is Mary Jane Watson. How do you do?

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: I've been looking forward to meeting you.

- Happy Thanksgiving, sir. - Now, where is Peter? He'd better remember that cranberry sauce. Oh, that's weird. I didn't know he was here. Peter? Is that you? How strange. There's nobody here.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: Bit of a slob, isn't he?

May Parker: All brilliant men are.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Hey, everyone.

Oh, Peter!

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Sorry I'm late. It's a jungle out there. I had to beat an old lady with a stick to get these cranberries.

Thank you. Now then, everybody sit down and we can say grace. Here we go. - There we are. - It looks delicious. Will you do the honors? Why, Peter, you're bleeding.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Oh, yeah, I stepped off a curb and got clipped by one of those bike messengers.

May Parker: Well, let me see. Oh, my goodness. That looks awful.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: No, it's nothing.

May Parker: I'll get the first-aid kit. Then we'll say grace. This is the boys' first Thanksgiving in this apartment and we are going to do things properly.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: How did you say that happened?

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Bike messenger. Knocked me down.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: If you'll excuse me, I've got to be going.

Harry Osborn: Why?

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: Something has come to my attention.

Harry Osborn: Are you all right?

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: I'm fine, just fine. Thank you, Mrs. Parker. Everyone. Enjoy the fruitcake.

Harry Osborn: Dad! Dad, what are you doing? I plan this whole thing so you can meet MJ and now you've got to leave?

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: I've got to go.

Harry Osborn: This girl is important to me.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: Harry, please. Look at her. Do you think a woman like that is sniffing around because she likes your personality?

Harry Osborn: What are you saying?

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: Your mother was beautiful too. They're all beautiful until they're snarling after your trust fund like a pack of ravening wolves.

Harry Osborn: You're wrong about her Dad.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: A word to the not so wise about your little girlfriend, Do what you need to with her, then broom her fast.

Mary Jane Watson: Thanks for sticking up for me, Harry.

Harry Osborn: You heard?

Mary Jane Watson: Everyone heard that creep.

Harry Osborn: That creep is my father, all right If I'm lucky I'll become half of what he is so just keep your mouth shut about stuff you don't understand.

May Parker: Harry Osborn!

Mary Jane Watson: I'm sorry, Aunt May.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: Spider-Man is all but invincible. But Parker, we can destroy him.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: I can't.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: Betrayal must not be countenanced. Parker must be educated.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: What do I do?

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: Instruct him in the matters of loss and pain. Make him suffer. Make him wish he were dead.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: Yes?

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: And then grant his wish.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: But how?

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: The cunning warrior attacks neither body nor mind.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: Tell me how!

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: The heart, Osborn. First, we attack his heart.

May Parker: Give us this day our daily bread, and forgive us our trespasses as we forgive those who trespass against us. Lead us not into temptation, but deliver us... Deliver us!

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: Finish it! Finish it!

May Parker: From evil!

Doctor #1: Two milligrams IV. Get the BP.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Aunt May. Is she gonna be okay? What happened?

Doctor #2: Yes she's going to be ok. Look you're going to have to leave right now.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: What happened?

May Parker: Those eyes! Those horrible yellow eyes!

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: He knows who I am.

Mary Jane Watson: I'm sorry. Will she be okay?

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: She's going to be fine. She's been sleeping all day. Thanks for coming.

Mary Jane Watson: Of course. How are you? You okay about the other night?

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Yeah, I'm fine. I just felt bad about leaving Aunt May. Have you talked to Harry?

Mary Jane Watson: He called me. I haven't called him back. The fact is I'm in love with somebody else.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: You are? At least I think I am.

Mary Jane Watson: It's not the time to talk about it.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: No. Go on. Would I know his name, this guy?

Mary Jane Watson: You'll think I'm a stupid little girl with a crush.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Trust me.

Mary Jane Watson: It's funny. He's saved my life twice, and I've never even seen his face.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Oh. Him.

Mary Jane Watson: You're laughing at me.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: No, I understand. He is extremely cool.

Mary Jane Watson: But do you think it's true, all the terrible things they say about him?

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: No, no, not Spider-Man, not a chance in the world. I know him a little bit. I'm sort of his unofficial photographer.

Mary Jane Watson: Has he mentioned me?

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Yeah.

Mary Jane Watson: What'd he say?

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: I said... He asked me what I thought about you.

Mary Jane Watson: And what did you say?

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: I said, "Spider-Man." I said, "The great thing about MJ is when you look in her eyes and she's looking back in yours everything feels not quite normal. Because you feel stronger and weaker at the same time. You feel excited and at the same time terrified. The truth is, you don't know what you feel except you know what kind of man you want to be. It's as if you've reached the unreachable and you weren't ready for it."

Mary Jane Watson: You said that?

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Well, something like that.

Harry Osborn: Dad? Dad, is that you?

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: What is it?

Harry Osborn: You were right about MJ. You're right about everything. She's in love with Peter.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: Parker?

Harry Osborn: Yeah.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: And how does he feel about her?

Harry Osborn: He's loved her since the 4th grade. He pretends like he doesn't, but there's no one Peter cares for more.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: I'm so sorry. I haven't always been there for you, have I?

Harry Osborn: You're busy. You're an important man. I understand.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: That's no excuse. I'm proud of you. I've lost sight of that somewhere. But I'll make it up to you, Harry. I'm going to rectify certain inequities.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: Wake up, little spider.

May Parker: Wake up. Go home, dear. You look awful.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: And you look beautiful.

May Parker: Thank you.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: I don't like to leave you here.

May Parker: But I'm safe here.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Can I do anything for you?

May Parker: You do too much. College, a job, all this time with me. You're not Superman, you know. A smile. Finally. Haven't seen one of those on your face since Mary Jane was here.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Hey, you were supposed to be asleep.

May Parker: You know, you were about 6 years old when MJ's family moved in next door. When she got out of the car, and you saw her for the first time you grabbed me and said, "Aunt May, aunt May, is that an angel?"

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Gee, did I say that?

May Parker: You sure did.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Well, Harry's in love with her. She's still his girl.

Well, isn't that up to her? - She doesn't really know who I am. - Because you won't let her. You're so mysterious all the time. Tell me, would it be so dangerous... ...to let Mary Jane know how much you care? Everybody else knows. I'll be right back. But... Come on, pick up. - Hey MJ. -Hi. Sing your song at the beep.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: MJ, it's Peter. You there? Hello? You there? I'm just calling to check up on you. Will you call me when you get in? All right, well... Don't... Don't go up any dark alleys. Hello?

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: Can Spider-Man come out to play?

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Where is she? What is that?

Mary Jane Watson: That's cool!

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: The itsy-bitsy spider went up the water spout down came the goblin and took the spider out.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Goblin, what have you done?

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: Spider-Man! This is why only fools are heroes. Because you never know when some lunatic will come along with a sadistic choice: Let die the woman you love or suffer the little children.

Children: Spider-Man! Save us! Save us!

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: Make your choice, Spider-Man. and see how a hero is rewarded.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Don't do it, Goblin!

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: We are who we choose to be. Now, choose!

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: No!

Everybody stay still! Ahoy up there! We're gonna bring the barge right under you.

Mary Jane Watson: He's coming back!

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Listen. I need you to climb down.

Mary Jane Watson: I can't.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Yes, you can! MJ, you can do it. You have to. Trust me. Hold on tight and go quickly. - Hurry!

Mary Jane Watson: I can't. I can't do it.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Hang on, Mary Jane!

He's not gonna make it.

He's gonna make it! It's time to die. Come on up here dumb gu

Citizen: I got a little something for ya. Leave Spider-Man alone. You gonna pick on a guy trying to save a bunch of kids? You mess with Spidey, you mess with New York! You mess with one of us, you mess with all of us!

Mary Jane Watson: Spider-Man, watch out!

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: Misery, misery, misery. That's what you've chosen. I offered you friendship and you spat in my face.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: You've spun your last web, Spider-Man. Had you not been so selfish, your little girlfriend's death would have been quick and painless. But now that you've really pissed me off l'm gonna finish her nice and slow. MJ and I we're gonna have a hell of a time.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: Peter, stop! Stop! It's me.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Mr. Osborn.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: Peter, thank God for you.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: You killed those people on that balcony.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: The Goblin killed! I had nothing to do with it! Don't let him take me again. I beg you. Protect me.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: You tried to kill Aunt May. You tried to kill Mary Jane.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: But not you. I tried to stop it. But I couldn't stop it. I would never hurt you. I knew from the beginning if anything ever happened to me, it was you I could count on. You, Peter Parker, would save me, and so you have. Thank God for you. Give me your hand. Believe in me as I believed in you. I've been like a father to you. Be a son to me now.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: I have a father. His name was Ben Parker.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: Godspeed, Spider-Man.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: Peter. Don't tell Harry.

Harry Osborn: What have you done? What have you done?!

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: I'm so sorry, Harry. I know what it's like to lose a father.

Norman Osborn/Green Goblin: I didn't lose him. He was stolen from me. One day Spider-Man will pay. I swear on my father's grave, Spider-Man will pay. Thank God for you, Peter. You're the only family I have.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: No matter what I do, no matter how hard I try, the ones I love will always be the ones who pay.

Mary Jane Watson: You must miss him so much.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: It's been so hard without him.

Mary Jane Watson: There's something I've been wanting to tell you. When I was up there and I thought I was gonna die. there was only one person who I was thinking of. And it wasn't who I thought it'd be. It was you, Pete. I kept thinking: "I hope I make it through this so I can see Peter Parker's face one more time.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Really?

Mary Jane Watson: There's only one man who's always been there for me who makes me feel like I'm more than I ever thought I could be. That I'm just me. And that's okay. The truth is. I love you. I love you so much, Peter.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: All I wanted was to tell her how much I loved her.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: I can't.

Mary Jane Watson: You can't what?

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Tell you... Everything. I mean, there's so much to tell.

Mary Jane Watson: Yeah. There's so much to tell. I want you to know that I will always be there for you.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: I will always be there to take care of you. I promise you that. I will always be your friend.

Mary Jane Watson: Only a friend Peter Parker?

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: That's all I have to give.

Peter Parker/Spider-Man: Whatever life holds in store for me... I will never forget these words, "With great power comes great responsibility". This is my gift. My curse. Who am I? I'm Spider-Man.